So that's how we can add these courses into local storage.
We're going to open again the Prayag And right after we set these into this domain you can see can we
have everything all the information is going to be added right here.
So what I'm going to call another function that is called The set up of course into storage something
that so here we're going to have a function that is going to be called safe into storage and we're going
to pass this object right here.
So what can I create this function.
Maybe maybe after we create these when
they courses into their local storage we're going to create a function.
It's going to be code like this and it's going to take a course as a parameter.
So then we're going to create another function.
This one is going to get the contents from the storage so what want I can be the one shown good Garces
from a storage and this one doesn't take any parameters but you are going to do something like this
we're going to create a fortune.
We're going to call these when courses.
The same as we did in the last example where we're going to check if the courses exist and if the key
doesn't exist what are going to create an empty array.
So if something exists on storage then we get the value otherwise create an empty array.
So this is what this function does.
So what of the not enough look at the storage when is when courses in the case that this is equals to
null we're going to add courses as an empty array.
On the other hand we're going to call it courses it's going to be cost Jason that bars and it's going
to be cost to look at the storage not get item.
And this is going to it on the courses.
So again this is going to on the course is Carse's right here in Blues-L of course.
So now we're going to use this function in all the different functions starting from here from there
saving to courses.
We're going to lead courses equals to get the courses from storage like these.
So at this point these courses is going to be an array with empty or with something but it's going to
be energy.
It's going to add the corridors into the array using courses that Booge with fast discourse like these.
And now we're going to have these as an array and remember scenes as storage only saves us things we
need to combat.
Jason into training.
We're going to use look at his watch said them.
Going to be courses coma and then we're going to use Jason datastream deify and we passed the array
of core courses.
So save these create and let's add one of these.
Maybe this one the first one up in the console you can see that there are no errors up in the application.
And then you can see we have courses into the storage and you can see that we have the matching We have
also the title right here.
So the pricing we have the Davey.
So you can see that this is an array but it's actually an object.
So what is saving everything right here.
So using this technique use and that is why you can save a raise you can save a race with objects and
others.
But now you can see that everything is in a store is storage.
Remove these reload and I can see that we have of discontent right here.
So in the next day is that when we open these for the very first time we're going to see the elements
in the shopping cart.
So let's continue working in the next video.